            Welcome to Borland Pascal with Objects 7.0
                      Maintenance Release
            ------------------------------------------

This README file contains instructions for installing the
Borland Pascal with Objects 7.0 (BP7) maintenance release.  
This maintenance release fixes several minor compatibility
problems that have been reported in the compiler, IDEs,  
and the Borland protected mode Dos extender, as well as minor 
miscellaneous bugs in the demo programs.

This maintenance release contains only the files which have been 
changed from the original BP7 file set.  You must have BP7 
installed in order to use this maintenance release.  See BP7.DIF 
on the install disk for a complete list of all the revised 
BP7 and Run Time Library (RTL) files included in this package.


TABLE OF CONTENTS
-----------------
 1. How to get help
 2. Installation
 3. Important note for Borland C++ and Paradox 4.0 users


1. HOW TO GET HELP
------------------
If you have any problems with this product, please read this
file first. If you still have a question and need assistance,
help is available from the following sources:

1. You can use your modem to easily obtain assistance online.
   Borland maintains support forums on CompuServe, BIX, and
   GEnie. There, you'll have contact with Borland technical
   support engineers and thousands of programmers using Borland
   products. They will answer your questions and share
   information and ideas with you.

   You can also download the latest technical information, sample
   code, utilities, patches, etc. from these online services as
   well as from Borland's Download Bulletin Board Service
   (DLBBS).

   Access Borland's online services in the following manner:

   CompuServe
     GO BORLAND

   BIX
     JOIN BORLAND

   GEnie
     BORLAND

   Borland DLBBS
     You can reach the Borland DLBBS by dialing (408) 439-9096
     (up to 9600 Baud, 8 data bits, No Parity, 1 Stop bit). No
     special setup is required.

2. TechFax is a toll-free, 24-hour automated service that sends
   free technical information to your fax machine. More than
   1,000 documents discussing Borland software are available
   through TechFax. These documents provide valuable technical
   information that can be used as reference now and in the
   future.

   You can call TechFax at 1-800-822-4269 from any touch tone
   telephone and obtain any bulletins or documents that you need.

3. The Technical Support Hot Lines are available to help you with
   questions about installation, system configuration,
   compatibility, and or usability. Lines are open from 6:00 A.M.
   to 5:00 P.M. Pacific Time at (408) 461-9177.

4. If an advanced level of support is required, Borland offers
   a new Advisor Lines service. Advice concerning program design,
   debugging and performance tuning is available. Advisor Lines
   operate from 8:00 A.M. to 5:00 P.M. Pacific Time at
   1-900-786-6080. Each call is $2.00/minute with the first
   minute free (available in U.S. only).

When calling Borland's Technical Support, please keep your
manuals handy and have the program running. To simplify trouble-
shooting, please be prepared with the following information:

  o Product name, serial number, and version number.

  o Computer name and model and the name and model of any
    additional hardware (video adapters, modems, etc.).

  o Operating system and version number (to find the version
    number, type VER at any DOS prompt). If you are using
    Microsoft Windows, you can find the version number by
    selecting Help|About from Program Manager.

  o The contents of your AUTOEXEC.BAT and CONFIG.SYS files
    (located in the root directory (\) of your computer's boot
    disk).

  o The contents of your WIN.INI and SYSTEM.INI files located in
    your Windows directory (if you are running Windows).

  o A daytime phone number where you can be reached.

  o The specific steps necessary to reproduce the problem.


2. INSTALLATION
---------------
IMPORTANT: This maintenance release is intended to be installed 
over your existing BP7 installation. You should back up your 
current BP7 installation before installing this maintenance 
release.

You can use the INSTALL batch file program to install the 
Borland Pascal with Objects maintenance release. The files on 
the distribution disks are all archived and INSTALL will 
de-archive them for you.

INSTALL assumes you used the default BP subdirectory structure
when you originally installed BP7.  If you only changed the name
of the BP base directory (ie '\BP' to '\work\tools\bp7') and left
the BP subdirectories (ie 'BIN', 'EXAMPLES', 'UNITS', 'RTL', etc)
unchanged, then you can simply install over your existing BP 
files.

If you changed any of the BP subdirectory names in the original 
BP install program (other than the BP root directory), then you 
should NOT install the maintenance release over your existing BP 
files.
Instead, create an empty temporary directory, run the maintenance
release install program to install to that temporary directory, 
then copy the new files from the temporary directory to their 
corresponding places in your directory structure.

If you aren't sure whether or not your system has the default BP
subdirectory structure, install the maintenance release into a
temporary directory and copy the files over to your BP7 
installation manually.

Installing over your existing files should require little or no
additional disk space. Installing to a new temporary directory 
will require approximately 3 Mb of hard disk space.

To start the installation, place the disk labeled INSTALL in
Drive A: and change directories to the A: drive by typing 
A: <ENTER> at the Dos command prompt.  At the next Dos prompt, 
type

  INSTALL <destination>  <Windows dir>

where <destination> is the drive and directory you want to have
the maintenance release files copied to and <Windows dir> is your
Windows directory.  The destination should be your existing BP7
base directory or a temporary directory as described above.  For
example, if you installed BP7 to your \BP directory on C: drive
using the default BP subdirectories, and your Windows directory
is C:\WINDOWS, you'd run install like this:

  INSTALL  C:\BP  C:\WINDOWS

The Windows directory is needed so that the install program can 
copy an updated version of BWCC.DLL to your windows system 
directory.

This maintenance release installation will update several of the 
units in your \BP\UNITS directory, as well as the .TPL files and 
compilers in your \BP\BIN directory. After installation, you 
should perform a complete 'build' of all of your source code with 
the new files to ensure that your programs are built using the 
latest compiler and libraries.


3. IMPORTANT NOTE FOR BORLAND C++ AND PARADOX 4.0 USERS
-------------------------------------------------------
The DPMILOAD.EXE and DPMI16BI.OVL files provided with this
release replace the older ones that came with Paradox 4.0 and
BC++ 3.0 or later. Delete or rename the older versions and put
\BP\BIN on your DOS path (so Paradox and BC can use the newer
ones).

If you want to be able to run BC++ or Paradox from within BP.EXE,
you will need to use the EXTLEAVE option for the RTM environment
variable in order to leave enough memory available. For example,
you can set aside 2 MB for other programs by using:

  SET RTM=EXTLEAVE 2048

See the printed documentation for more information regarding the
RTM environment variable.

If you plan to shell out from Paradox or BC++ to run BP.EXE,
limit the amount of extended memory used by those programs. For
Paradox, use its /extk command-line parameter; for BC++, use its
/x command-line parameter. Refer to their documentation for more
information on the use of command-line options.

Here's a summary for troubleshooting purposes:

  1.  Are there any copies of DPMILOAD.EXE or DPMI16BI.OVL on the
      path prior to those provided in \BP\BIN or in the same
      directories as BC.EXE or PARADOX.EXE? If so, replace them
      with Borland Pascal with Objects 7.0's newer versions, or
      remove them and set your DOS path correctly.

  2.  Have you set the RTM environment variable? For example:

        SET RTM=EXTLEAVE 2048

  3.  If starting Paradox or BC first, have you used the required
      command-line options?

                   --------------------------------
